---
layout: post
title: July 2017
---

For the past month, I've been living at JSM where Daniel used to live last year. Zuoyi and I are taking the same classes together. Zingers used to live here as well, but he left as soon as classes started at Whitewater for him. Today, I was killing fruit flies that appeared once zingers left. Right now, I've been trying to focus on studying for my ECE 220 quiz that's worth 25% of my grade, but it's not going so well becausae I was too addicted to not configuring my Ubuntu. My Windows OS kept crashing because of some Kernel issue with my Intel Wireless Driver. When I try to reinstall the drivers, it doesn't complete because it gets stuck on the command prompt. I lost a lot of hope on the Windows OS. 

When I started trying Ubuntu again, it's crazy that I could change a config file and crash my entire OS like I did yesterday. I will be more careful from now on.

Recently, I've been watching lost of Korean entertainment on my free time. I've watched Pops in Seoul, Fight My Way, Chicago Typewriter, and Suspicious Partner. I like watching Pops in Seoul because of Nancy and great to listen to while multitasking. Fight My Way is like Kim Bok Joo but with focusing more on money and the characters' dreams. It's a great show, but sometimes I get bored. Suspcious Partner makes me want to keep watching. It has a great plot and unique characters. 

Even though I watch a lot of Korean stuff, I'm not committed into learning the language. Chinese is a bigger priority because that would give me access to the Chinese internet. I do learn some Korean through YouTube and songs. 

