---
layout: post
title: August 2017
---

Summer school is almost overr now. So far, I didn't really enjoy my classes because I always get stressed after taking exams. I think that's normal for me, but it would be great if I never get stressed over an exam. I found out that I am not required to maintain a core GPA of over 3.2. This means that GPA doesn't really matter anymore too much. This should be enough to calm myself down. Perhaps next time, I can be less stressed. 


Anyway, I beleive that I should be alright now that I'm doing well so far. I thought that my 220 quiz 3 grade would end up bad, but it didn't because I guess that professor and TA were nice to me even though I read the instructions wrong. 


On Friday and Saturday, I watched Tunnel almost without stopping. That was the first time I watched 10 episodes in one sitting. The other kdrama I watched that made me watch without stopping was Shopping King Louis last year. I started Tunnel while I was eating last week, but I found that it was really good and watched two episodes even after I was finished eating. I stopped watching for a bit, but when I got really bored on Friday, I started it again. I never liked being bored because I would download random crap on my computer and fix unnecessary software bugs. That kind of stuff is addicting, but I usually end up not getting anything done in the end. So I want to do my best from getting bored. 


I was thinking that if I had something to play around with I'd be happy. That's when I ordered the Raspberry Pi. I was disappointed after I found that there weren't too many things to do with it unless I spent a lot of money on peripherals. There is another thing called ardrino and it's more primitive than the Raspberry Pi. I want to use my Electrical Engineering skills somewhere, so this might be a better fit for me. 


Today, I went to Burger King with Minh. I took the bus there earlier today for lunch, but I also invited Minh to come but he wanted to do it for dinner. I wanted to go for lunch to because I was really hungry after watching Tunnel. 


Tunnel is a great kdrama. It doesn't spoil everything at the start, but it still keeps the audience one step ahead of the characters. Even though, I know who the culprit is and what the main characters could do, the drama maintains a smooth storyline. I really enjoyed the emotional scenes, especially when the victims' families were informed that the culprit was caught.