---
layout: post
title: First Day of 357
---

This "diary" is meant to help me in brainstorming for weekly reflection paper and eventually the midterm.

## Names
### 4:30-5

We got up and made us introduce ourselves with our names with our symbols.

- Anna (Veritcal Hand Wiggle Gesture)
- Jorge (Arms crossed)
- Ezad (Idea Gesture)
- Dania 
- Gabe (Bow)
- Hansika (Skirt bow)
- Chaerin (2 V)
- Minje 
- Joe (Thumbs up)
- Hope (V)
- Catrina (Hands)
- Hyuk Won (Crow)

## Reading Articles 
### 5-5:35

Read transforming article.

- Dialogue vs Discussion
	- Discussion is more fixed and argue in favor of their views
	- Dialogue is a person may prefer a certain position but does not hold to it non-negotiably
- Spirit of dialogue
	- Hold points of view in suspension
	- Social Enlightenment
- Large or Small Group
	- Subgroups (Too Large)
	- Not enough different views (Too Small)
- Temperature
	- Keep cool temperature
	- Everybody has settled to an opinion everybody holds
- Not limited to Politics


## Classroom Rules
### 535-5:45

- No interupting others
- Explore topics
- Self-dismiss from sensitive topics
- What is done in class stays in class
- Only take out what you have learned

## Ideas for Reflection

- Roommate making an argument
	- Reflecting on how the size of the group, including others in help. The effect kept the temprature down. I did not realize this myself because this happens. 
- Do you feel differently about the topic or your experience?
	- I thought this was just that one friend who joined in but it may have been the case for any other person.